Swift mission shall allow scientists determine the origin of Gamma-Ray Bursts (GRBs) and to exploit data from these bursts to probe the early universe 
Swift instrumentation shall allow  scientists to exploit newly discovered GRB afterglow characteristics to make a comprehensive study of approximately 1000 bursts over its planned three-year mission.
Swift shall allow  scientists to determine the origin of GRBs, reveal how GRB blast waves interact with surroundings, and identify different classes of bursts and associated physical processes
On detection, the spacecraft shall slews in the direction of the GRB, bringing it into the view of two narrow-field telescopes for higher-resolution multi-wavelength observation. 
Swift shall have Communications Network to communicates to the S/C via a dual redundant MIL-STD-1553B serial interface.
Swift shall allow scientists to collects science data in the form of images, light curves, photon-counts, and spectral data.
Swift shall cool CCD by a TEC which telecommands will control the temperature setpoint, the ramp rate, and the mode — open or closed loop. Swift shall have 
Swift shall have Communications Network to allow scientists to communicate with XRT
Swift shall have  Real Time Clock to allow scientists to make this packet format as Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems (CCSDS) Source Packets
Swift shall have Telescope Alignment Monitor  to allow scientists to measure the change in mechanical alignment of the XRT's tube
The Sun Shutter shall be powered by the SPB and has its own solar panel for backup power
The XRT shall monitor several items and reports them as Housekeeping (HK) telemetry. Numbers in parenthesis indicate how many of each housekeeping item are being monitored.
FSW shall Process science data from the camera and relay it to the Spacecraft Control Unit (SCU) in the form of CCSDS Source Packets.
FSW shall Receive commands from the SCU that establish the current instrument state and camera mode.
FSW shall Transmit detailed housekeeping data to the SCU in the form of CCSDS Source Packets.