The system must allow a member of the network to send requests to a particular or all the other members about the possible delivery of a driver's smart card to a similar person. 
The system must allow a member of the network to send a bulk request on all or a large part of its driver's smart cardholders to a particular or all members of the network. 
The system must allow a member to do statistics on messages issued and received from/to his system. 
The system must provide the automatic reply to the sender of the request through the use of a standard interface to the Members systems. 
The system must track the workflow between senders and related replies. 
The system must be able, in accordance with the rules on delays for each transaction, to automatically transmit alert messages to senders/replier/administrator when f.i. a constraint on delay for the reply is not fulfilled. 
The system must allow the administrator to extract statistics of use, standard delay of reply by member/period, percentage of unsuccessful transaction. 
The system must provide the management of user rights and permissions. 
The system must be able to define and manage various types of messages already in the driver’s smart cardholder like a pre-delivery check, stolen/lost cards, renewals, exchanges, and duplicates. 
The system must be able to include new members in the network through simple administrative tasks. 
The system must be highly automatic to relieve the users of as many repetitive and tedious tasks as possible. 
The system must provide at the application level a full security and encryption policy compatible with the level of security required in such a situation. 
The system must guarantee that none of the Member of the network, including the administrator, is technically able to reconstruct a consolidated European database through the use of the messages exchanged. The system must be such that none of the Member States of the network, including the administrator, re-construct a consolidated European database. 
The system must allow a Member State to ask for the status of card to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the Member State having issued the card. 
The system must allow a Member State to send card status modification requests to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the Member State having issued the card. 
The system must allow enforcement authorities to ask for driver's card status to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the Member State having issued the card. 
The system must allow enforcement authorities to ask for workshop card status to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the Member State having issued the card. 